Cut flowers. They are essential for enriching important life events
such as a first date to your wedding day.
Not only for celebrations,
cut flowers can also be displayed on a shelf in your room
or presented in token of your gratitude.
Yes, cut flowers are everywhere.
Of course, even during an iGEM meeting which never seems to end…
They are here on the desk to brighten the atmosphere!
But do you know that most of these flowers are discarded before reaching the hands of the consumers?
There is a serious and constant problem of flower loss:
more than 30% of flowers are wasted without being sold.
The overall amount of flower waste is estimated to be three times larger than that of food waste.
Existing solutions rely on chemicals,
such as pesticides or antimicrobials,
which may pose a risk on human health and the natural environment.
There are many different causes of flower loss,
such as viral infection,
insect pests,
flower aging, and damage by bacterial growth.
We, Team Kyoto, propose to tackle this problem with solutions designed for each specific cause:
CRISPR-based diagnostics for viral detection,
RNA interference to kill insects and delay flower aging,
and antimicrobial peptides or biofilm degradation to inhibit microbial
growth.
To put our solutions into practice,
there is a need for a way to supply a sufficient amount of
bioreagents
such as RNA or proteins.
We propose a novel synthetic platform
that enables stable and efficient production of biomolecules.
That being said, our solutions
may not be capable of saving all flowers from being wasted…,
but don’t worry,
our flower recycling system can process flower waste into bioresources
that now can be used as biostimulants in flower production.
From Laboratories, to Flowers.